周一早上一定要更新linkedin和seek

实习生模板

It is excited to see that you are looking for a Software Engineer on Seek. Although I am very junior, I fall in love with coding from the day I start my first project, and I never stop practicing, literally. I will demonstrate a small part of my self-motivated projects in this cover letter. But more importantly, I am eager for an opportunity to put all my passion and effort into commercial production, even without a payment. If possible, please consider my application as an intern, and I WILL prove my value through hard work and fast improvement.

junior模板
It is very excited to see that Spawn Ltd is looking for a Junior Graphic and Web Designer on Seek. I fall in love with coding from the day I start my first project, and I never stop practicing, literally. I will demonstrate a small part of my self-motivated projects in this cover letter. But more importantly, I am eager for an opportunity to put all my passion and effort into commercial production. Please consider my application and I WILL prove my value through hard work and fast improvement.

recruiment agency模板：
It is excited to see that XXXXX is looking for a Front End Developer on Seek. Although I am a junior developer, I fall in love with coding from the day I start my first project, and I never stop practicing, literally. I will demonstrate a small part of my self-motivated projects in this cover letter. I can see that XXXXX is doing well in the recruitment domain and you must have your resources. As for me, I have faith in my gift and passion. If possible, please consider my application, or even as an intern, and I WILL prove my value.

再做一个简历的生成器




angle price, halo是比较好的recruitment agency

我的网站加入密码功能
给aaron发我做的网站
所有功能加入领英和seek！ (perfect responsive design)
领英加入certificate

研究：
bower
angular cli
试一下angular strap



待办：
买一个名片盒，买盛饭的大盒子，考完以后去new world附近买一个Blind Spot Rear View Mirror，周二九点半才开门不要去
linkedin和facebook用起来
杀各硬盘的毒


其他备忘：
路税到九月
wof到年底
叔二楼的那个插线板是我的，我房间连接笔记本的插线板是叔的



网站编辑相关：

container的几个临界值
@media (min-width: 992px)
@media (min-width: 768px)
@media (min-width: 576px)

//import images:
background-image: url("../images/bgi-dark.jpg");
//theme color:
color: #97ff77;
//preloader background color:
color: #2B333B;
//the light yellow from Blizzard
color: #eeffcc;

z-index记录
aw-header 整个标题栏 1003
aw-header-content 标题栏中的所有内容 1005
菜单 1007
body 900
所有的边框 1000
按钮1002
preloader 2000

没用的字体：
Alien web font (主要用在大写的字体，好看): font-family: Inconsolata;
rectangular font (没啥用，长方形，难看): font-family: 'Orbitron', sans-serif;

html文件注意
"&amp;" : "&"
"&lt;" : "<"
"&gt;" : ">"



下载game:
下载 2017下半年大作：《古惑狼三部曲》重制版（目前是ps4独占）

pc游戏：
星球大战前线2

xbox one独占：
光环士官长合集 光环5 战争机器：终极版

ps4游戏：
最后的守护者